Meera, I went to your school today!
Amma said one day.
Really? Meera said.
And the gate was wide open,
and the watchman was missing!
Oh! He was in our classroom, to
see why our teacher had screamed!
And why did your teacher scream?
Amma asked.
Because Rohan began crying!
And why did Rohan cry?
Amma wanted to know.
Because the snake he had
brought back from the zoo
had eaten his mouse! And then the teacher
screamed and the watchman came running!
But I went to your classroom, and
there was nobody there! said Amma.
We were all hiding in the
Staff Room, Meera said.
Because Rohan’s snake
was in our classroom!
But Meera, when I went to the Staff
Room, I didn’t see anyone there!
That is because we had all run away
to the Principal’s Room, Meera said.
Because Rohan said the
snake was following us!
But when I went to the Principal’s
Room, it was empty! Amma said.
We couldn’t stay
there, Meera said,
because Rohan’s snake
was looking for him.
We climbed up to the terrace and
stayed there till the bell rang!
And I waited and waited in your
school, all alone! Amma said.
Not all alone, Amma, you
had the snake for company!
The snake! Amma said, sitting
down with a thump on a chair.